I still clearly remember that one summer day on my terrace skating in my brand new roller skates. The sun was up. I was happy. 
We are allowed to leave the house for one form of exercise a day. I like to go in the morning when the sun has just risen and when most people are still asleep. I remember one morning because it felt like magic. A run turned into a walk as I found new little beaches, hidden from the eyes of regular onlookers. I wanted to stay longer but I was scared someone would see me. I liked that walk a lot, it made me appreciate where I live more than ever. It's warmth is etched into my memory and I hope I remember it for many years to come.In May 2018, five in the morning, I ate the best sandwich of my entire life, with Argentine beef, after the stunning indie festival in Murcia! 
I was at a swimming pool with my nursery school and me and my friend wandered off and got stuck behind a push/pull door that we went through that we were too small to get back through again. We got in so much trouble with our teacher when she found us.
I got home I feel asleep outside my door with the key in the lock. Woke up confused then obviously went to bed.
I love you very much.
A sweet and nostalgic memory of mine, linked with my family, my childhood and my stomach, is called The Bomb. Basically, is a chocolate cake my mom used to make for my birthday parties, that took place in my garden at the very end of the spring. Chocolate brownies are a light and healthy version of this cake! Nowadays I celebrate my birthdays differently ,also cause I was born in the midwinter! But that cake always will be part of me and a lot of wonderful people.
I remember when we were young. We did art for no reason. We create the path and now it is time to think about what we are and what we need to be. We have to face the future, not live in the past.
My grandfather got an arcade place and we play all along with my brothers, I remember the smell of cigarettes. Holy 90's!
The day I lost a friend because his girlfriend was jealous
I remember one day my brother's pacifier being stolen by a vulture at the zoo.
As a child I remember how my siblings and I would spend Sundays, especially in the cold and snowy winter, we would go to the first floor of the house. We would take one of our duvets, place it on top of the staircase and then sit on it. And three, two, one. We would slide down the stairs, turning one hundred and eighty degrees and sliding comfortably onto the floor. These days it would probably gain too much momentum as we are all heavier. And many family members have managed to trip on those stairs many times. Actually, my family doesn't even live in the house anymore, so it feels even stronger like a memory, as it is now so far from reality.
As a kid my parents could not afford expensive vacations so we borrowed an old bus from my dads work. He built beds in the bus for all five of us, so we could drive to non touristed cheaper places to see in the summer vacation. It was good times in a crowded minibus eating good stuff on the road.
One nostalgic memory is of being a young kid with no care in the world and having a summer vacation! And my only problems were what time can I go downstairs to play football? And what time do I have to stop this favourite activity of mine?
And then getting ready to the same the next day all over again! 
Those times with friends, oh I was so happy!
The time me and my best friend from childhood picked up cherries from her grandfathers tree and ate so many till the point we were about to throw up.
My 6th birthday party was a picnic in the park and a ride on a little train which was green and tiny.
Losing my rabbit for a few hours when I was younger. He was in the shed!
One time when I was biking in Belgium I got a lift in a freight train after getting stranded out in the middle of nowhere, and I even got to have a go at the controls of the train. It was such a cool experience.
One day my cat came back home and a smaller cat was following him, and that small cat stayed with us for a couple of years. That was so nice!
I remember, when I was fourteen-fifteen years old, being on a beach in Patagonia, my mother told me that if I paid attention, I could perceive a stillness in the environment when the tide changes its course.
And now, every time I feel that calm and silence, I have the idea that something has changed.
I like talking with strangers because I am used to do so since my childhood: my mother had a bakery in town and sometimes I helped her and I started appreciating to have a conversation with new clients.
Sleeping next to my grandpa trying to breathe in sync with him.
Smell of summer.
We use to video call each other on Skype.
I used to play with Lego.
He told me that all my birthmarks were on the right spot.
I bought a green coat when I was in high school.
I had surgery when I was seventeen.
My boyfriend told me that my sister was pretty and I was funny.
I bought a green chair in Groningen with my friends.
The first time I saw him I thought he's the one.
When I was around the age of seven I went on a holiday to the province of Zeeland with my mom. For two weeks we borrowed the caravan of my grandparents and spend the holiday on a camping right next to the beach.
Almost every day I would spend hours and hours on the beach looking for sea life such as small shrimps, fishes, crabs, starfishes and jellyfish. When I would find them I used my fishing net to catch them and put them in a bucket with seawater. I was really fascinated by these beautiful creatures and I would observe them until my mom said it was time to release them again.
When we were on holiday in Southern Italy an we saw this lovely old house which we bought the same day!
I was working as a waitress in a fast food restaurant, when I met Ben Stiller. It was a sunny, busy day, when suddenly all the people inside became very excited and one lady told me he was outside and coming in. My boss became very excited too and told me he would handle the register. Ben Stiller walked in with his assistant who ordered a take away coffee, a cappuccino if I remember correctly, while Ben waited patiently behind him. Ben took a spoon to stir the coffee then looked at me and asked me where to put the spoon. I was holding a tray with dirty dishes and told him to put it on there, he did, and walked out. I was so starstruck, I felt my knees get weak! Never before or after have my knees reacted this way, and I'm not even a fan of his.
When you are sitting on your couch all alone and thinking back to the times that there was no social distancing, a lot of memories passes trough your mind. The first memory that also made me happy thinking about was the last holiday with the family in January at Lanzarote. Standing on a volcano feeling all free, walking around the island seeing the happiness in everybody's eyes, eating at night in a restaurant with great music. When I think about that Holiday, the smile turns back on my face!
I remember a statue at my school when I was a child, a bit abstract, four people together who made a circle together, we could play inside ad feel safe, protected, included. Sometimes we need to 'fight' to stay inside because there was not enough place for all, therefore we created turns.
When I was little I would climb upon the small fence in front of our house and tried if I could see our kindergarten. Which of course I could not see because too far away.
I went to Disney with my niece and nephew and little sister once. It was our first time at Disney just us. We packed sandwiches and lunchables, that’s basically all we had to eat all day besides some hot dogs. It was a super hot day but we made the most of it. We finished the day watching my favourite firework show and I might’ve shed a tear or two watching my niece and nephew enjoying the show. We also had the opportunity to give out glow sticks to kids in the crowd watching the show with us.
When I was studying in Korea, I was very very poor. And there's this Korean food, which consists rice cakes and chilly paste, considered as very cheap street food. I was very sad that I didn't even have money to eat this food. But I had two other friends who were studying with me and also very poor. We talked about how much we want to eat this food. Let's earn a lot of money and eat this as much as we want! We laughed, and I wasn't sad any more.
When my dad would pick us up on Sundays when we were children to spend the day in the nature with our Great Dane, have traditional food in a small village and head back to the city in the evening.
I remember always tucking my cat into some blankets when I was five. When our cat was run over by a car. I took that very seriously and never tucked the cats in again.
I cried about it during family dinner. My ten year older brother still mocks me about it.
I still remember a few memories. My grandparents were leaving on fifth floor so they had really nice view from the window. Down there on the street was a big typography advertisement of Coca Cola and I remember how fascinated I was. I wanted to look at it every time when we were visiting my grandparents. But nobody had patience and time to sit nearby the window and looking on some stupid light. Nobody except of my grandmother. She put me on her knees and talked to me and every time she wanted to smoke, she just opened window next to the one from we were watching, so she could still see me and be with me. I was just sitting on a chair, hypnotised by light and every time I tired to reach her, she told me to stay still on the chair because this is not healthy for me.
Now, every time I smoke, memory of her smoking in a window cross my mind.
The first time I got my period I realised when I was at IKEA.
I couldn’t whistle until I was seventeen and the reason I managed to learn it was because of the back then popular song:
I remember swimming in the river Piave somewhere near Falze Di Piave, region Treviso. Late August. Mountain water was cold enough to bring relief from the outside hot.
On strawberry hunt with my grandma in her big garden when I was very little. Best joy. Best grandma.
One time my friends and I were at this small seaside town and waited for the sunrise by the beach. While it was rising we decided to get in the water and it was very warm and reflecting beautifully. 
Behind the wheel, music is playing loud and as the highway quite suddenly dives down from a plateau into the river-valley the first glimpse of Maastricht and on the horizon the familiar rolling green hills.
I still have a really vivid memory of the first book I read by myself in elementary school, especially how i felt about it. Each week we could pick a book from a long shelf, the teacher made a selection of books that we would be able to read from thee bigger school library. There I found the short story of the Gruffalo, I believe it's translated in many languages and there is also an animation. It talks about a little mouse taking a walk though the forest accompanied by a friendly monster, namely the Gruffalo. The tale for me is tied to a feeling of happiness and a blurry image of me running though the corridor to find my mother in the garden and refer to her how great that book was. I think I read it to her, or we read it together. The following week, amazed by books and the experience of reading, I was ready and excited to bring a second book home. The protagonist was again a mouse I believe, but the story or the reading of did not seem nearly as thrilling to me. I don't know if the quality of the narration wasn't as fun, or if there is a something like a first time kick.
I remember the time your fake vespa broke in the middle of the road and we had to wait for the tow truck under the burning sun of mid august.
It was New Years Eve and the bar closed. We decided to leave and go to a friend's house but it s far away. We decided to walk cause we were a big group and it was fun. We met on the way another group that left before us, freezing in an intersection. They were waiting for an Uber and for the fun we stayed too. A homeless man joins our group and starts rapping with the coolest rhymes and we were all so fascinated. His rhymes were so real, in the sense of true life problems and actual worldwide issues.
Grandma massaging feet to me and my siblings when we were little and singing nursery songs about toes.
I remember when my grandma used to work in the backyard and plant vegetables in summer, and then in the evening she used to lock the dogs and chickens.
I remember a summer night. My parents were selling the car, and me and my sister were just hanging out in front of our house. We used to climb in the street light poles which we did that evening also. I remember the colour of the sky, it was a mix of orange and purple.
Helping my dad unpack the shopping on Saturday mornings and whoever got to the packet of crumpets first would throw them at the other one, who would then throw them back till the packet burst. Made me so happy.
I remember that time like it was yesterday.
We had this game me and my cousins would play when we where small. We called it “The Game Of The Counter”. The title didn’t really make sense, neither it was connected to the actual game. We used to play this game during our summer holiday. We basically had jobs and we used Monopoly money and we played as if we where adults.
We used to send each other’s letters.
I was eight years old and I lost my mom at the grocery store.
Last year, it was around June and we had a picnic on the beach. We were done with university. No worries, no stress, only sunshine on my skin.
I remember the very first time I was somewhere far away from my family.
Eating ice cream with my friends during lunch break.
When I went to run in the woods with my dad.
I used to pick up chestnuts in the woods with my family on Sundays during the month of October. Then we would make a fire and cook the chestnuts and eat them.
I remember when I got to the Netherlands and saw how people really just love Gouda and peanut butter. But then the corona virus came and now Gouda and peanut butter is all we got.
When we got concert tickets but the concert was cancelled.
I still remember that day in high school, where this person who went on exchange came back and thought she was going to be the best in our foreign language class, but then in the test I did better than her and she went to complain to the teacher on about why she got less on the test than someone who didn't go on exchange, well I must say it felt good. I still remember it to this very day.
Driving anywhere.
Playing badminton in summer.
Camping with my friends. We used to roast marshmallows on the fire.
The sound of birds chirping in the morning when I used to leave in the countryside with my family. Now I moved to the city and I only hear cars going down the road. Makes me sad.
Swimming in the lake, that's my favourite summer activity to do with my sister. Living very close to the lake is great.
I clearly remember, almost like it was yesterday, the day I got my high school diploma. And the party after it.
I remember when I got my very first cat. That was the best day of my life.
Me and my boyfriend got chased by a group of goats. We were running down the hill so hard and they kept running the same track. At some point we got so scared we grabbed stones. But when they got close to us they started running a different direction. It was fun, cant believe my boyfriend was ready to kill a goat.
A memory of my very first driving class is stuck in my mind. It felt weird.
I remember going to my favourite place on earth with all my friends.
I remember being young and playing video games.
One of my pet turtles escaped from the pond in my yard, when I went out behind the house in search of my turtle I found two other turtles that I kept as pets for ten years.
I was dancing very badly then he saw me.
I remember when I was a child and my grandpa took out my tooth that was swinging.
It was an evening in May.
That year, winter had been colder and longer than usual. It's because of climate change, said my mum. Seasons aren't the same anymore.
Despite the cool weather, I decided to walk my dog only wearing a casual jumpsuit and sandals. I had always been a bit of a rebel.
I stepped outside and, as expected, I started shivering. Mum had told me to grab a jacket, but I rolled my eyes and didn't listen to her and at that point I was too proud to go back and take it. Suck it up, if you don't think about it, you won't feel the cold, I told myself while sticking my earphones in my ears.
Music always had a way to put me in a good mood and I started walking more lightly while my dog nearly choked herself on the leash, furiously running towards a patch of grass. Impatience runs in the family, apparently.
We reached our garden and I let my dog free. She didn't think twice and ran away as fast as she could. As I smiled at her exuberance, I started to feel the sun on my naked feet. I stepped forward until my entire body was in the sun light. I closed my eyes, enjoying the moment. It had been a cold winter and I could feel the sun rays penetrate my skin and warm my frozen bones. My muscles slowly relaxed as if they had been tense up until that moment, without me realising it. I opened my eyes and, continuing to smile, I captured that perfect imagine of my puppy playing in our garden at sunset in my memory, where it still has a special place ten years later.
My nostalgic memory is the last time I saw my boyfriend because during quarantine we haven't seen each other for two months and I miss him very much.
I love drinking tea, especially in rainy days. When I was younger I didn't appreciate so much, I feel now it is actually regenerating for me!
Once I had a bad fall while skateboarding. Since that time, I stopped rolling around and started to have a ride with bicycles only.
The warm summer night we were eating the best pizza in a beautiful park.
When I was a child I had a swing in my garden.
That time I've been in Sardinia with my cousins.
A very important day in my life was my graduation. It was a day full of happiness, I felt I reached a milestone in my life and I was proud of myself because all my sacrifices where payed off. I was overwhelmed with emotions, which I also shared with my family as well.
When I went to South America with my brother. It was the travel of a lifetime!
The very first time I saw him.
That day at my sister's wedding I ate so much. I literally ate so much I couldn't eat for a week after.
Dancing in the morning, in my house, alone, this has become my new reality. I used to have dancing classes every two days but they’re suspended now.
I remember those crazy parties. Those crazy summer parties in which anything could happen and you could feel alive. Those parties where you would go with friends and support them in moments of craziness, sadness, alcohol and challenges.
My grandparents used to sing me songs while they pushed me on the swing. I was four years old.
My grandparents had a white duck. It’s name was Toca. My grandpa used to feed it leftover pasta.
A nostalgic memory are those summer nights spent by the lake, watching fireworks shows with friends and takeaway food. Also improvising a camp in my car, so that we didn't have to go to our parents' home.
I used to play bingo with my granny.
Summer! Those warm summers where you don't feel like doing anything at all. But suddenly you hear a song and it motivates you to have an adventure with your friends. We had an adventure in an abandoned church and we did regret it because of what we found. But I must say it was a great adventure!
The sun was shining. The sea in the background. It’s warm on my skin. My favourite holiday was in Mexico.
Those Italian summers spent under a beach umbrella with ice-cream and a lot of music!
Ordering too much food at a restaurant.
Those evenings spent in the basement with my friends playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Those nights at summer music festivals: beer, friends and lots of emotions!
Grandma that cooks my favourite dish: Pasta with tomato sauce and fried zucchini.
Thinking back is good for me. I like to remember. Once I was in Milano, walking in those old streets. There I met a good friend of mine, we talked and updated each other’s on life.
A friendship born by mistake, but became essential.
A bike ride where the fresh air moves your hair.
A pizzeria down the road where I live is always linked to good memories.
Memories of her, smiling.
Scared to jump in the water. Because the water was cold.
Summer in the countryside, with my family. Best memory ever.
That one time I lost a bet and had to dye my hair pink.
Screaming of happiness after winning the football match.
I was at the supermarket.
Kindergarten's canteen is one of those memories I will never forget. 
Sheep walking, green of the grass, cold and wet. I miss Scotland.
Sometimes I wish I was a kid again. No worries. Just fun.
A memory of my grandpa.
Holidays as a kid where always fun. Especially when at the camping there were kids your age. Oh I miss playing in the swimming pool with them!
Memories of mid summer catching fireflies with my best friends.
My very first computer was a laptop, I had to share it with my whole family.
Going to baseball games with dad.
Catching lizards with my dad.
Do you remember when we could do what we wanted?
First day of high-school. Lots of new faces and people. I was scared.
When I was hanging out with my best friend and walking in the streets of Copenhagen. Life was great.
In these times of social isolation I like to think back at that time me and my friends made a campfire in the woods. We really picked an amazing spot, it was up in the mountains. And you could see all the beautiful landscape from above.
Beautiful yet sad. That can describe the present when we are in lockdown. Nature is back. But I can’t hang out with my best friend. We used to have such good times together.
Oh boy, I remember when we where swimming in the North Sea and the water was actually warm!
June of last year was the best month in my life.
Smell of flowers and smell of spring. I used to roll in the grass as a kid and just play outside. I really liked the smell of fresh cut grass. My dad would cut the grass. Also I remember catching spiders and snails with my brother. Oh and almost forgot about eating fresh cherries from the tree!
My mom and me used to go to eat at McDonald’s once a month.
I'm lying on the asphalt of a rural road. It's still warm from the sun, that has already set. The cicadas and the crickets warm up their orchestras. The air is fresh, typical of a summer night. It smells like the cereal of the fields around me, tall and golden. The stars slowly appear, some of them wink.
In my middle school I kept the same class for three years. It was in my village so we were all very close to each others, everyone knew everyone else. The memory is a few months after we started high school. The high school was outside my village so suddenly the world expanded. But also my friends and I slowly started to drift apart from each other. Some were in a different professional school in a different city. The rest was scattered among different classrooms, with new classmates, new experiences, new friends. We met again all together for a birthday party. I remember the joy, love but also weariness as we realised too soon in the night we had nothing else really to share and people started to go back home. But me and two other friends apparently felt nostalgic enough to stay together, after the girl hosting the party gently drove us away, roaming in our village without a purpose, carrying the bottles that no one had wanted to drink. It was pitch dark and silent. We ended up, quite randomly, facing our former middle school. We decided that it would be cool to break in and see it for the first time in the night. The front portal was way too high to be climbed but we knew of a way through the sport stadium. So we went around. We first had to climb a wire mesh fence, then cross the stadium, and from there we could climb a small portal to get inside the courtyard of the school. I remember feeling grateful for my friends to still be there with me, as I didn't want the night and these weird feelings I felt to end so early. When we got to the small portal, the most adventurous of us was rushing forward, when me and my other friend were laughing and following a bit more slowly. When we finished climbing and set foot on the ground, that guy was already 50m ahead of us, running like a rabbit. Suddenly, all lights went on, and a shrill alarm drilled our ears. As fast as he was running forward, our friend switched direction and ran back towards us. I didn't care, I was laughing, this sudden panic was making everything better, and I felt so much delight and tenderness looking at them running for their lives across the stadium. When I came closer to the wire mesh fence, that adventurous friend screamed while he was dropping to the ground. But there was no time to lose, so the other guy and me didn't budge, climbed and ran away, and the last one followed. When we stopped our flight in a safe spot, we noticed blood all over him. He was a bit too quick in climbing the fence and his ring had gotten stuck in one of the mesh bond. It all ended well, he somehow fixed his finger by himself, not wanting to go to the ER. It left big scars. But somehow I envy him for that he will keep something of the magic of this night, one of the first realisation we were all changing, ageing, leaving the carefree heaven of childhood behind, all the fright and excitement that this implies, with him forever.
Yesterday I had a prosecco with some friends under the rain.
I remember one time I was biking home and I saw the most beautiful sunset I have ever seen.
Playing badminton in summer on the beach.
I dreamt I changed my name to Foo.
